the stock market has risen considerably
thanks to the central bank intervention
it has given investors a reason to
celebrate there is clearly no collapse
going on because we can just look at the
comment section of my videos and know
exactly what many people believe when a
country is in such bad shape that it has
to sell off its assets for pennies on
the dollar making some people very rich
you know you have a problem when the
mainstream media refuses to push the
issue you know you have a problem and
when you continuously see lies that
there is no global economic collapse you
know you have a serious problem but you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we are going to look
at this
Global issue and that is countries self
selling off their
Assets in order to prevent a
collapse if there was
no serious issue if there wasn't this
threat of a collapse they would not sell
off their assets that's a matter of fact
but what really gets me going is that
it's those technocrats the
banksters who caused this this collapse
in the first place which are now the
ones buying up these assets for pennies
on the dollar now how fair is
that let's look at this right here
beginning with this recent example
looking in the US at the moment remember
this is a global
program the money GPS I'd like to cover
news from all over the world this is
just one example I'll show you all over
the world here the city of Houston held
a yard sale of sorts last week dusting
up dusting off some possessions it
doesn't use anymore offering them for
sale or a swap to its neighbors in this
case the city council approves selling
or swapping almost $2 million worth of
city streets and utility easements
saying that it's not enough to make up
the shortfall of $100 million of deficit
but it's a start so essentially they
talk about what the details are you can
see it at the bottom they give you the
map
here
and there's more in this let me move on
down to the uh second portion here
before I just talk about
it the second example comes from the
East side this high school they agreed
to abandon and sell parts of the five
streets and Sewer easements in and
around the school campus it gives you
the uh picture down there at the bottom
what this tells me is
that they have a problem where there's
too much debt they've run into too much
of these extreme levels of
deficit and there's no telling where
it's going to head in the near future
their idea is to sell off assets because
there are companies out there who are
willing to buy them in this case it
might be a corporation the next case it
might be a private
individual so what I would suggest is
that on the surface perhaps many
individuals will believe this is a good
idea because you
can produce income for the government
make up for the
shortfall and at the same time if it's
something that the government isn't
using you might as well be profiting off
of
it that's a
good let's call it a good consensus out
there I would like to suggest
that I am a big fan of a small
government but privatizing certain
sections of the government in my opinion
does not reduce the size of the
government at
all what it does is it basically
transfers the power into the hands of
some
corporations as far as I'm concerned
ends up being basically the same
size stealing the same amount of money
from people except it takes it from the
public sector and brings it to the
private
sector another problem with bringing it
to the private sector is that let's say
this Corporation buys up
some I don't know let's say anything
they buy an airport they buy a power
plant they buy some streets and so forth
and that's all fine let's say it's from
Houston it's a Houston based company
they buy it all up but what if the
People's Bank of China prints a whole
bunch of money they give it to one of
their subsidiaries which is located in I
don't know California it's an
american-based
company and controlled by indirectly by
China and that company makes an offer
buys up that other company and
now we have a little
predicament now you have this company
which owns
infrastructure previously
purchased under you know a different set
of rules now they purchase that
company how does this all work what are
the regulations for this is it just a
free-for-all do we want that to happen I
don't know all I'm saying is that it's a
very dangerous area to get involved into
and I don't like it I I don't think it
makes a um really uh uh there's no more
benefit to this I think the whole issue
is that we need to reduce the size of
government in the first place that is
the key now looking at
this this is from Canada nothing bad
ever happens in Canada it's all rainbows
it's all flowers it's so wonderful but
look at this a new court is urging the
Trudeau liberals to make their new
experimental infrastructure Bank a
center for helping cities and provinces
sell off existing assets rather than
helping build new
infrastructure it's saying look selling
off Revenue generating assets like
airports it would be attractive to
private sector investors and I would
agree with you you want to sell off
assets there are people willing to buy
them I assure you but the more
more Dire Straits that this country or
city or whatever is in I assure you
they're going to sell it off for cheaper
and cheaper and cheaper and Greece
happens to be one of those
examples that's Canada just one small
example moving on sale of public Assets
in 2015 was the biggest in UK history
nobody's worried nobody's concerned in
the UK everything is just fine
don't worry about it simultaneously
they're selling off the assets sales of
publicly owned assets including Royal
Mail and Eurostar raised more money for
the government in 2015 than any other
year in
history
countries cities states and provinces
are selling off
assets they sell them off for dirt
cheap and you and I don't get a sing
single penny of it you and I had to put
money in to build that up to maintain
that and then they sell it off for
practically nothing and you don't get a
single
dime Greece approves plan to transfer
State
utilities to a new asset fund State
assets including Water and Electric
electricity utilities are being
transferred to a new asset fund created
by the international creditors the plans
have sparked demonstrations and public
sector strikes across the country look
at this International creditors you want
a bailout why do you need a bailout well
you need one in part because they
created credit default swaps which
bankrupted your country took it from bad
to
worse and then these International
creditors decided
that you would have to sell these
Assets in order to make up the
shortfall that to me sounds like robbery
that sounds like the mafia that sounds
like do you want arson
protection because we can help you
prevent a fire from being started in
your store just pay us that insurance
money and everything's going to be just
fine here is another example out of
Greece foreigners by assets in Greece as
Greeks are forced to sell we're looking
at airports we're looking at practically
everything across Greece I mean the
islands are being sold for I mean
considering their Greek Islands it was
only a few million
dollar and that's that was sold to the
uh Amir of Qatar
of course he said that it wasn't enough
because he had so many children that he
wanted one Island for each child and of
course the regulations in that country
were too restrictive he wanted to build
them a mansion on each one that's too
restrictive I'm sure that's changed by
now probably the international creditors
made those
changes there you go Greece another
example what about Italy Italy approves
emergency budget cuts and selling of
State assets look at that budget cuts
probably just people getting screwed
over not budget cuts where they actually
need to be and selling State
assets how far does a country have to go
before people wake up before people
understand before people see the reality
that day by day by day there is a global
economic collapse going on it's right in
front of your face it's not going to
happen in the future and no no no it has
nothing to do with the stock
market people are
just it's silly it's silly let me let me
just show you this last one before I
start my rant
here city of Detroit public auction
Municipal asset
this happens to be some Vehicles buses
so on being auctioned off they're
conducting the auction $5 million
garbage trucks alone new cost more than
three times that amount in this article
right here basically talks about the
fact that they're selling them off for
basically
nothing and it's a ripoff to the
city but that's not what it's about it's
about helping out your friends people in
the government they have their friends
they give them the no bid contracts and
it's so beautiful it's so
wonderful this is yet another
example so let me just close this off
here I want to reiterate my
points I believe in having a smaller
government government is too big it is
too
invasive billion dooll facility like the
NSA building in Utah are set up
specifically to spy on people to lose
their Liberties how about saving $4
billion take that facility take the
money and put it back into the
infrastructure of course that's not
going to
happen look at the
skyscraper located in Manhattan with no
windows on it that's used to spy on
people what about that
instead use that
money to put it back in the
infrastructure no that's not going to
happen instead you have one example
after another of these countries these
cities having to sell off what they have
to pay back those criminal Bankers who
have stole everything from us and do so
every single day in the last financial
crisis we saw the true criminality we
saw the true face of those who own and
control these corporations and guess
what they operate the
government there is no separation in
between the government and corporations
one man a few decades back called that
fascism you call it whatever you want
it's collectivism it's
totalitarianism I don't care
it is US versus them and it looks like
they're
winning when people say the global
economic collapse is not happening you
idiot just look
around the stock market is doing
well
well allow me
to speak the truth the central banks are
printing money causing inflation that is
devaluing
the currency and as a result asset
prices are
rising and that will continue to happen
unless something drastic changes do you
want to know if a particular stock will
rise if it's let's say a blue chip type
stock you need to know if the market cap
will rise do you think more money will
end up in this industry in this company
in the shortterm medium-term what
long-term whatever you're Investing
For do you believe that will increase if
the answer is yes then that stock is
probably going to go up that's just the
way it works the global economic
collapse isn't
talking about the stock market declining
although at some point I do believe that
they will usher in a new monetary system
how will they get away with it well
first they will create an intentional
deflation they'll
allow this to happen they will reduce
the liquidity the central banks reduce
the liquidity it will cause a massive
deflation to occur and
then they will ramp up the printing
presses causing a hyperinflation they
will destroy
asset holders in different ways because
I believe many people will pull their
money out they'll get scared they'll
pull their money
out and people who are willing to keep
their money in how do you know you're
going to be able to take your money
out and where are you going to put
it do you want to take your money out of
the stock market if everything is
hyperinflated in look at the people in
Venezuela what would they do with it if
they take their money out of the stock
market are they going to hold it in cash
it's even losing value every single day
every hour so what do you
do so this is the challenge that we have
that's why I talk about the money GPS
strategy in my new book because it's
getting away from the system all
together this system is putting you and
I in Chains and how do you beat the
system well I like to evade the system
and that's becoming
self-sufficient that's getting out of
here with this system that's being able
to provide for yourself instead of
dealing with these criminals and yes to
a certain degree we have to deal with
them but we can really truly reduce our
dependence on the
system before it crushes us
all you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you I hope I did so
today if you found the video informative
please give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my book The Money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative so check those out at Amazon
they have a look inside feature you can
flip through the books over there the
link is in the description
and stay tuned you didn't hear this from
me but I'll be interviewed by
x22 tomorrow I don't know when he's
going to post that video so check that
out I'll definitely put it in the uh
interview section on my page or just go
to x22 you'll see him there take care